Bump docs-theme-extras to v0.1.21, add pipefail to framework-tests, added descriptions (#36)
agentregistry-dev/website: content/docs/prompts/publish.md

---
title: Create and publish
weight: 10

> description: "Create a prompt and publish it to agentregistry."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Create a prompt and publish it to the registry catalog."
```
